>> Kyle Simpson: So let me bring this
down to a case that I wanna make,
and this is much more
of a direct case than
I've never made before about this topic.
Most of the time prior to this point,
my essential takeaway or
my essential message to people was,
== and === can coexist in your code,
and you can make choices,
you don't have to avoid the ==,
I'm going to make a stronger
argument to this point.
The stronger argument that you should
prefer == in all possible places.
And I know this gonna
shock a few people but
you're gonna have to have an open
mind to listen to this argument.
Taking everything in whole in totality
that we've talked about together,
including the fact that it is my claim
that code that understands types is
better code regardless of the choice.
Within that context, I think I can make
the case that == is preferable to ===.
>> Kyle Simpson: So knowing the types
is always better than not knowing them.
The uncertainty of code is
what make code hard to read,
it makes code susceptible to bugs.
Some people respond to that problem of not
knowing their types by saying, I need to
change my coding style to use static
typing, like TypeScript and the others.
We're gonna talk about
TypeScript in just a moment but
I don't think that that is
the only response to this problem.
There's another response to this problem,
>> Kyle Simpson: So
== is not about comparisons with unknown
type, that's not what it's for and that's
not what you should use it for, that is
the opposite of what most people claim.
Most people claim that they use == when
they don't know the types, and then they
fall into these bugs and I'm saying
don't use it in that scenario at all.
Never use the == when you
don't know the types, ever.
Only use the == when you know the types.
And as I said, you should strive
to know the types in your
comparisons as much as possible.
It's about comparisons with
known types and optionally,
if you like to have coercions.
Maybe all of your comparisons
you know the types and
maybe all of those types are always
equal and you never use coercion, and
still in that scenario == is preferable.
>> Kyle Simpson: But maybe some of
the times you wanna take advantage
of coercion, and
then == is essentially your only option.
>> Kyle Simpson: So let's dig into
the nuance here because I know some of you
are not gonna believe me just
right off the bat, okay?
Let's dig into the nuance here,
if you know the types in a comparison,
and I think you should.
If you know the types in a comparison and
both of the types are the same,
then we already know that
== is identical to ===.
We already know their interchangeable,
in the case where you know them and
they are the same.
So you're saying, yeah, but that doesn't
mean that I don't know how to use it.
My claim is, using === is
unnecessary in that scenario and
you should prefer the shorter ==.
That is not just about using
one fewer character, okay?
Some of you know that
TypeScript does a lot of work,
even if you don’t do any types at all.
Here I have no types annotated once so
ever and
it still does a bunch of inference,
type inference, okay?
In this particular case what the error
is telling me is I should not use a ===
because the types are different,
and this will always be false.
Now I don't know about you, but
I find that to be a particularly
useful error message.
It is telling me don't do something
stupid that would always fail,
100%, guaranteed to fail, all right?
It knows that it'll fail, and
it tells me don't do it unnecessarily.
My claim is that if we
find to be reasonable,
then the counter positive
is also reasonable.
If it is pointless to use it
when the types don't match,
it is unnecessary to use
it when the types do match.
>> Kyle Simpson: If we like for our linter
to complain when it'd be pointless,
then we ought to have a linter that
complains when it's unnecessary.
>> Kyle Simpson: So if you know the types
in a comparison, and they're different,
this is where things get interesting,
because supposedly using the ===
is protecting you and saving you.
But if you know the types and you know
them to be different, a single === will
always fail, which is the whole reason for
that TypeScript rule we just talked about.
>> Kyle Simpson: It would definitely
be broken, you're with me?
So your only two options in that case,
if you know the types and
they don't match you,
have one of two options,
you can either not do the comparison or
you can use ==.
Those are your only two options and
if you know the types in a comparison,
and they're different,
the only equivalent to a single
== would be two or more ===.
>> Kyle Simpson: You
can not have a === and
a == be equivalent when the types
are different, that is impossible.
So if you have a scenario where you could
use one ==, or you could use two or
more ===, guess which one is
going to be slower, the two ===.
It is faster to let JavaScript
do the coercion than it is for
you to make a bunch of explicit ones.
And it gets even worse if
you have to do three or
four depending upon
the complexity of the coercion.
Now I say slower, in air quotes because
we're talking about microseconds.
But it is absolutely not possible for
a === to be faster in this scenario.
In the best possible scenario,
it's equal and actually, in reality,
it's just a tiny bit slower to
list them out multiple times.
Now I'm not making the case that on
performance alone that's an argument,
because the microsecond
difference is not that relevant.
But this is part of the larger case
that === is not somehow superior to ==.
Many people have said === is
faster cuz it doesn't coerce.
That's a apples to oranges comparison,
cuz you're saying one === is faster
than one == and they're not equivalent.
>> Kyle Simpson: If you actually looked
at an apples to apples two === is always
going to be a little
bit slower than one ==.
>> Kyle Simpson: So if you're in this
scenario where you could do two === or
three or four, or you could do one ==,
I say you should prefer the faster
of the two which is the single ==,
part of the argument, certainly
not the entirety of the argument.
And finally, if the types are different,
and two or more are what the comparisons,
that's what you would use,
is two or more of the ===,
my claim is that it's distracting the
reader with unnecessary type information,
like in the null undefined case,
for example.
And the no one find case, you're
distracting the reader there is these two
different empty values and they sort
of have weird quirky differences.
That's not necessary for
the reader to see in most cases,
in most cases you're distracting them
by listing explicitly and what you have
to use is the more properly abstracted
coercion that it's cleaner with the ==.
Now remember,
this is if you know the types, right,
I'm only making these claims
if you know the types.
And by know the types,
I mean that it is obvious to the reader
of the code what the types will be.
>> Kyle Simpson: So what about, sorry,
there's one more, the summary slide,
of course.
This is if you know the types, so in
summary, whether the types match or not,
== is the more sensible choice
when you know the types, okay?
When you know the types,
== is the more sensible choice, so
let's look at the other side, in those
cases where you don't know the types.
If you do not know the types, that means
you don't fully understand the code,
that may be an unnecessary requirement.
It is not possible to guarantee 100%,
you always know
the types in the entire system,
that's not reasonable and rational.
So I recognize that there will be
times when comparisons happen, and
there's some uncertainty.
My claim is that that should be
a rarity rather than the status quo.
But what it does mean, whether it's
a rarity or the status quo, is that that
part of the code is harder to understand
as a result of that uncertainty.
So not knowing the types means that
you don't fully understand that code.
The best response is to refractor it so
that you can know the types, if possible.
If you don't know the types, and
that uncertainty of knowing
just has to be dealt,
then at least make sure that
that is obvious to the reader.
Make sure that it is obvious to the reader
that there is some uncertainty here.
Put a code comment,
structure it in such a way that the reader
doesn't have a false sense of security,
they think they know what's happening,
and actually it's uncertain.
It should be super obvious that it's
uncertain in whatever possible way you
can, because again we're trying
to communicate our intent.
My intent here is to tell you that
it's uncertain, just so you know,
beware there'll be dragons, right,
that's what we wanna do with our code.
So it should be obvious to the reader, and
the most obvious signal you can
use about that uncertainty is ===.
If you followed what I argued
in the first set of clauses,
which is that the == is preferable when
you know the types, then the usage of
=== should be reserved for
the cases where you don't know the types.
>> Kyle Simpson: So that it signals to
the reader, I don't know the types,
I'm trying to protect myself.
>> Kyle Simpson: It should jump out,
the reader should see, there's a === here.
That means there are some
uncertainty of the types, and
we need to restrict ourselves so
we don't run into a corner case.
>> Kyle Simpson: Also, I would say that
not knowing the types is equivalent
to assuming that type conversion or
type coercion will occur.
It's equivalent to assuming that
because if you don't know the types,
the worst case scenario is that they will
not match and they will not match in some
weird way that invokes some
weird corner case of coercion.
You need to assume the worst case.
So not knowing the types of equivalent
to that worst case coercion.
And the only sensible response to that,
the only safe response to that is
protect yourself from that with a ===.
In summary if you can't or won't,
use a style where you can know and
have obvious types,
the only thing that is sensible and
reasonable is for you to use the ===.
This isn't meant to be an attack
against you if use ===.
I'm just trying to reframe this
discussion in a way that actually moves
the discussion forward rather than
a sort of religious debate of well,
this one book said never use it, and
I've never even considered anything else.
I'm actually trying to make a rational
set of analysis here to come to some real
conclusion, not just the thing
that one guy said, okay?
And you can test my analysis, if you don't
agree with my rationale, that's okay.
But I'm laying out this case so
that you can test the rationale.
And I would say this,
even in that scenario,
where every place that you would
use a === would be the same,
it would be equivalent to a ==, and so you
say, you know, we just want the simpler
thing we want to use === everywhere
because that's what Lyndhurst says.
What you are actually doing is sending
the wrong semantic signal to a reader of
your code.
Which is I’m protecting myself in all of
these cases because I don't know about
the types.
>> Kyle Simpson: And that is not
communicating what you put to communicate
to future readers of the code.
Future readers of the code
that see the semantic signal,
I don't know about the types, so I've to
fall back to some === to protect myself,
those future readers of the code are much
more likely to rewrite the code,
because they don't understand it.
They're gonna do what you should
have done the first time.
They're gonna refactor it to
where the types are known.
Uncertainty is not a good thing for
your code basis.
>> Kyle Simpson: So in summary,
making your types known and
obvious just leads to better code.
There's no argument that can
be made to the contrary.
Knowing the types leads to better code and
if the types are known, == is always best.
>> Kyle Simpson: In every scenario ==
is best when the types are known and
in any scenario where you can't
you should fall back to ===.
I'm fully aware that case
is quite controversial.
And it's unlikely that any of you
are convinced at the moment by that
discussion.
But what I would really like to ask
you is to go back and think about it.
Go back and test this rationale and
test it against your code.
Ask yourself if you really are writing
better code that is more clearly
communicating its intent by
simply using === everywhere.
I can't make those decisions for you but
I think I've made the most solid case that
I can, for why they should be re-analysed.